377-Making It
===

[00:00:00] Bob: I was about to say, uh, you know, fall has sprung, but then I realized that that's a spring thing. So what do you say when fall has fallen? Fall has 

[00:00:10] Jimmy: fallen. I'll go with spring ahead, fall behind. 

[00:00:13] Bob: Yeah, so in the spring, spring will be sprung. Fall has fallen here. It is finally beginning to cool off. Leaves are off the trees.

Except 

[00:00:24] David: Thursday it's going to be 70 degrees 

[00:00:26] Bob: here. Well, it's 70 here right now, this week, and then this weekend, it's gonna go, like, off the deep end. It's 36 

[00:00:33] Jimmy: right now. I got home from my late night walk at about 1. 30 a. m., and I was like, wow, it is really cold. It was 27 degrees last night. That's 

[00:00:43] David: not enough 

[00:00:44] Bob: degrees.

We're not there yet. 

[00:00:46] Jimmy: That's not enough degrees, that's right. 

[00:00:49] David: I did get a new snowblower. I am ready. Which means it's not going to snow at all this 

[00:00:54] Bob: year. 

[00:00:55] Jimmy: Exactly. Well, did you guys see that I posted this week? I was walking down the path in the yard at late night and I saw this crazy black caterpillar so I stopped and did a little nature video on him and the next day two people told me that particular species of moth, when they're super black, that means you're going to have a really harsh winter.

So that's sort of Farmer's Almanac stuff. So who knows? 

[00:01:19] Bob: There's a family here, they can take that and just 

[00:01:21] David: shove that right up.

[00:01:26] Bob: There's a family in Kentucky somewhere and I can't remember the name or where they are so this is a terrible story but I'm gonna say it anyway there's this family who this farmer had a Japanese maple tree if I remember correctly and he came up with this system for like Farmer's Almanac style, you know, weather forecasting, um, based on how this tree acted throughout the years.

And he passed away a couple years ago, but his kids have his secret sauce, you know, and they're still coming out with this, like, paper every year. And apparently it has been spot on several times. Not every time, obviously. But uh, you know, it's always a big story when this family puts out their little pamphlet for the year.

And apparently, this year... Okay, just for reference, last year I think we got a total of like five or six inches of snow throughout the entire winter. Like, we just don't get a lot of snow. Apparently this year, uh, in December, I think around Christmas, we're supposed to get like two feet of snow, and then in January we're going to get another three feet of snow.

This is according to this almanac? This is according to this, yeah, this tree. Um, so, you know, here's hoping. But, if that happens... Uh, David, I'm gonna have you mail me your snowblower. Yeah, 

[00:02:46] David: it comes with a Pachuto. I don't know if we lost it. I'll be in the box. 

[00:02:51] Jimmy: There he is. Say it again, David. Please. Oh, 

[00:02:53] David: I said, uh, well, it's lost now.

I said it comes with a Pachuto. I'll be in the box with it. Okay. 

[00:02:59] Bob: Great. Awesome. Well, what have you guys been up to? 

[00:03:04] Jimmy: Me? I've been organizing. I don't know if you guys saw any of my stories. We, me and Patrick. Patrick is an incredible electrician. He solved all these problems. Put porch lights in over the porch.

So I might do a video on... It came out really good. Yeah, thank you. These are all the porch light, these are all the lights that I got from the bomb factory in, I think it was 2017, me and, me and Brett were in Indiana, or in Louisville, and somebody in Indiana said, hey, um, I'm this groundskeeper at a bomb factory that's closed since the Vietnam War ended, uh, come and take whatever you want, cause everything's getting destroyed and knocked down over the next 20 year plan.

Repurpose the land. And so we went and I filled the truck, the truck I have with me up. It was the, the 60 volt, the wall grinder had just came out. So I think we had two of them. And me and Brett went around the factory and just cut down as many lights as we could. I mean, there were other cool things to take, but being there for several hours, we only had like three hours.

I just took lights because the lights were so cool. And he said they were all going to get crushed and thrown in the dumpster. And somebody sent me. There's some website called like gotta have it or some some kind of like hipster website where there's hardware and I can't remember what it's called It's like high bid or gotta have it or buy it now One of the lights that we put up we put up six in the back and five in the front One of those lights is nine hundred dollars on that way It's just one of them with the same exact brand and I looked at the one light that was precisely the exactly the same one But the ones I have are all weathered and old the they're just old and dirty If you clean them, they'll go back to, because they've just been hanging in this place since the 1940s.

The place was built in, in a rush. It was built in like six months right after Pearl Harbor to fight the Second World War. And so the lights will put up and one or two of the lights still have the sticker from the manufacturer on them because they will put up and never touched again, except for changing the bulbs.

So I got them. They're all kind of virgin from that area. So we put up in the back and in the front and we ran the wiring. In the front I have clapboard in the ceiling of the porch roof so we were able to snake it, conceal the wiring. In the back I don't have clapboard so all the wiring is exposed so we put it in tubes and Patrick is a wizard bending the tube and getting everything to fit.

So I'm going to try and put together a video of his, uh, of his install. I was his apprentice. Whenever Patrick does electrical work I'm just his apprentice. He explains everything to me. Everything goes right. In one ear and out the other. When it comes to electrical theory, I know nothing. I can do the mechanical stuff, but when it comes to electrical theory, I don't understand it.

[00:05:42] Bob: Hmm. I was going to ask, does it help that you're already learning something? 

[00:05:44] Jimmy: No, I know nothing. As long as he's in my life, I'm not going to retain any of his information, because I don't have to. No, he's, he's been a great friend, and he's, he's amazing. So if anybody... This is one of my picks for the week. If anybody has any electrical questions, consult with Patrick Reynolds, reynopatrick on Instagram.

And he loves helping makers. It's become his passion, is helping out makers. So if anybody out there has any electrical questions, which there are quite a bit, he's helping Anne of all trades with her new barn. He's helped quite a bit. He's gone down there several times and he's consulted with a lot of people online.

He's done a couple of other trips to a few other makers in and around the country. COVID really put a kibosh because he was just starting his consulting business when he came to that, uh, WorkbenchCon, the one that we all went to, when the next day after we all left WorkbenchCon, COVID was announced. So that was his, his coming out.

But he's still doing very well. He's the retired World Trade Center electrician. So, uh, my phone listens to me too much. Every once in a while it's just like, hey, what were you talking about? I'm like, I'm not talking to you. It just did it just now. My computer's like, hey, what's the question? I'm like, no, I'm not talking to you.

It's scary. So we did the porch lights and I've just been cleaning up the property, uh, now that I can do whatever I want. I know I keep kind of half joking about it, but it is a certain sense of freedom that I have where I can. It. It's funny when you, when you're in a, when you're in a union with somebody and you share responsibilities, there are certain things that just aren't your responsibility and they never will be.

As long as there's that agreement and they don't get done, and you just expect one day for that pile of magazines to get put away or that pile of shoes to be organized because it's not your thing and, and. Suddenly, it's just you. Every single, every single responsibility is just yours. You just look around and clean up and fix and organize everything.

And it is very, very freeing for me to do that. Very therapeutic as well. So that's why I put the lights in, because there was no discussion on where, when, and how. It was just like, do this, put that there, great, looks good. Next one, put that one there, great, good, looks good. You know, two guys making decisions.

And so honestly, it's been very therapeutic for me to just... Just look around, clean, paint, organize everything by myself. And so that's what I've been doing, and I've been doing a lot of that. And we're going to talk a little bit about goals and stuff, and that's part of the reason why I thought of that, that topic, and we'll get into it in a minute, but there's so many small little goals around here, and a lot of big ones, and it's, it's getting the little ones out of the way helps.

To see a clear path to the big ones, like the porch now is organized, the stuff that I never liked is put away for good, the things, the certain types of things that I, we couldn't agree on are not there anymore, they're somewhere else or they're, it just helps clear up. And you don't realize how much clutter is in your brain from years of building up and now the clutter is slowly becoming gone to the point where like, they've had a lot of clear moments to the point where I'm just like.

I haven't thought about anything and I haven't worried about anything for like four hours. Hmm. It's almost like I'm in a meditative state, like a, some sort of meditation while I'm still physically moving. It's, it's, it's been freeing. That's it. Wow. Sorry to get so heavy so quick. No, 

[00:09:25] Bob: I mean that's, that's pretty amazing.

[00:09:28] Jimmy: Uh, and Adam, and I'm working on my great guitar build off, and I might do a leather project for this weekend. I, I have a couple of ideas. I might jump into a leather project after the podcast, but the great guitar build off is well underway. I don't know what you guys are waiting for, but . 

[00:09:43] David: Oh boy. 

[00:09:44] Jimmy: I know you're not doing anything.

The both of you just kinda look down at the floor when I said that. Yeah, yeah. The guilt is said. 

[00:09:52] David: Yeah, I thought for sure I was gonna get started before either one of 

[00:09:55] Jimmy: you. We still don't know the deadline, right? Nobody wants to know the deadline. Oh, I know the deadline. They keep moving it anyway. Whatever the deadline is, whenever it comes, they're going to say, Oh, we moved it one way because, like, 18 people will not have gotten started yet.

It's December, 

[00:10:08] David: right? It's like December... Okay, so I'm good. I'm still 

[00:10:11] Bob: good. December 10th, I believe, is... Is when the video is supposed to be up, I think. Oh!

Yeah. We're actually starting on ours. I'm going to start on mine. Uh, next week on a live stream, I think is the plan, we're gonna, we're gonna start doing some of the shaping and stuff there, so. 

[00:10:33] David: It's funny, you, uh, you talk about your, your mind clutter and, and, and freeing. It's funny, I've been working with this sponsor since the end of June, and it's just been, it's almost like a full time job on top of my full time job.

And last night, I'm sitting on Callie's getting ready to go to bed, and she goes, So what do you gotta do tonight? And I was like. You're looking at it, and she's like, oh, that's different, and I was like, yeah, and I had this weird, like, guilt feeling, like, I should be doing something, like, she's, like, I'm always doing something, and when she goes to bed, like, uh, I can't just sit here and watch YouTube, I gotta do something, right?

And, uh... I just decided to go to bed early. It was, it was, it was nice to, like, I feel like, oh, I'm caught up now. I can, I can concentrate on what I'm supposed to be con concentrating on. So I sort, so I just wanted to say, I kind of had a similar feeling of brain C just being kind of pushed aside. 

[00:11:33] Bob: So that being, well, can I, I wanna hear what you are working on, but I also have had, I've noticed something similar to me.

Something similar in my own head lately is unfinished stuff. So like we, um, you know, we did our kitchen a year and a half ago or something like it, I don't know when we started it, but it's been done for a while. Done as in usable, but not done. And ever since we got the countertops on, it's been usable.

And so we just kind of have moved ahead as if it were finished, but we've never put up a backsplash and you know, it works fine without. A backsplash, but it needs one. It seals up the edge of the countertop against the wall, it protects the wall, all that type of stuff, the plan is to have one, but we've never been able to decide on what it should look like.

And so, there's this little, like, little thing sitting on my shoulder that's always there, that's, something is unfinished. That project is not truly done. That's, 

[00:12:32] Jimmy: that is the feeling. That I don't realize is lifted until it actually is lifted. You don't know it's there. You don't, you don't realize. It's just always like that, I have to finish that book report kind of feeling that when I grew up in high school, in elementary and middle school, I was a really bad student.

And it was always that, Oh, I got to read that book. I got to read those clef notes. I got to do that book report. And now as an adult, it's like, Oh, I got to move that TV. I got to fix that light bulb. I got to fix the stone wall. You know, like it's the same thing. Yeah. So clearing that up 

[00:13:01] Bob: just helps a lot.

And it's weird. Because some of it, like, you know, especially like you were saying, if you're, if you're in a relationship with somebody and you're sharing those responsibilities, it's partially on you, but it's partially not, but you still feel the weight of it. And then, like, so the kitchen is one of those things where I'm sharing the weight of the responsibility with my wife.

And we've actually made progress on it this week, which is, I think, why it came to mind. But, then there's like, my Land Cruiser, that the engine blew up, and I bought an engine within days, and I took it to the place, and I did everything I could possibly do, within days, to get it moved ahead, and then we've just been waiting, and it's been like, six months now, or something like that.

And it's still very undone, and I wrestle with not having a reliable vehicle daily, and it's just this little irritating... It's like having like something really sharp in your shirt that's just kind of like picking at you, you know, and it's always there and you can't quite find it, can't get rid of it.

It's like that. That's what it feels like. And I can't do anything about it. And that's the most irritating thing. It's not like I can go out there and just like, I'm going to rebuild this engine myself. I am not capable of that. Do 

[00:14:10] Jimmy: you still have the engine or is it at the location being rebuilt? 

[00:14:13] Bob: It's at the shop waiting for the machine shop to come get it.

But anyway, my point is, it's another one of those irritating kind of outlier things to be done, but it's totally not in my control. I can't force it, I can't do anything to move it forward. But between those two, and the Karmagia being exploded across an entire building, you know, I have a bunch of these little...

Open wound kind of things in my head that I can't get to, so I feel ya. Anyway, enough about me. David! 

[00:14:51] David: So we are, uh, I got the bathroom vanity, I got the carcass all built, and spray finished, so that is ready to go. So next up, that took one day, now I gotta do drawers, and I got a feeling that's gonna take an entire day.

I'm gonna do the broader dovetail, and then the front is all gonna be... Cherry plywood drawers where it's all like one clean face. So just like an eighth inch gap between everything. So that is almost done and I don't, since the contractor keep pushing the date back, I'm not sure when that video is going to come out because I want to wait until it's in its final home so you can see the transformation of the bathroom.

So I might have to sit on that video for a little bit. But yesterday we shot a fun little video, something a little different. Back on October 7th, I bought every cheap woodworking Facebook ad that was presented to me. And so all these like, cheap clamps and tools. And a couple of them, I'm like, these look like scams, but I bought them anyway.

And I kind of did screenshots and I filmed it and then waited for all the packages. Most of the packages to arrive and then we unbox it and did like a little review thing. It's not a totally original idea. There's this other YouTuber, Drew Gooden, who does this with Instagram, but he does it with, it's like beanbags and clothing and just weird items.

I kept mine all to All the woodworking and it was, uh, uh, it was fun and I did, I did get scanned. I'm not going to talk about it yet. I'll wait till the video's out. 

[00:16:28] Jimmy: Did you buy that, did you buy that realistic rubber mask that looks like the old man and then you get it and it looks like a big latex sock?

[00:16:36] David: No. 

[00:16:36] Jimmy: There was this Facebook ad going around where like a guy puts on it, like a woman puts on a rubber mask. It's a full on. Like something Frank would make, full on perfect silicone mask that drops right into the eye sockets in the mouth and it looks like a different human being. And it's like, buy now for 20, you buy it and it's just a latex mask, like from the 70s.

It's horrible. It's like folded, so you open it up and the marks are right through it. It's crazy. So there's the scam. 

[00:17:05] David: Cool. Protect yourself. 

[00:17:07] Bob: Yeah. Um, well. See, for me, I don't know if I talked about it last week, did I talk about the new assembly table that I was building? I don't know if I did, but, um, So for, uh, when we moved into this house, I needed, you know, like a, just a workbench.

And so I did a video of building, like, really, like, the most basic possible table I could think of that was on wheels. And then made it more complicated by adding magnets to the sides of them. So you could have multiple ones and they would stick together like a transformer kind of table set. And they worked great.

Uh, and they have worked great, but the reason I built them simple and flexible was because I didn't know what the shop was going to be like, and it dawned on me about six months ago that like, oh, you know my shop is kind of settled after five years, I should probably make like a legit

And so I looked around at tables that you all have both made and a bunch of other people and kind of just pulled my favorite parts from all these different tables. So I don't know that it's especially unique or anything, but I had, uh, I set out a specific set of, I want it to be these things that my current table setup is not.

And one of them was flat, like it needs to be dead flat. And so for the first time I built a torsion box, tabletop, and. Um, just have like a sturdy frame underneath it with lots of storage and made it a different format. So instead of a square table, it's a, uh, uh, it's like 42 inches by six feet or something like that.

So it's as wide, the six feet is as wide as my table saw. So it backs up nicely to the table saw, but it's not quite as deep. So it, I have a little more, like I can reach across the table now, whereas before I couldn't quite. So. Uh, we did that last week, got it all wrapped up, and it's a very easy build, we're gonna have plans and all that type of stuff for it, but it's weird because I, going into it I thought, well this is a, this is one of those things that It will make my shop time more enjoyable just to have like a flat surface that's reliable and I know, you know, I know what I'm using.

Instead of having to like slide things around on the table to find a flat spot like I did before. But past that I'm like, I don't know. I mean, it's a table. I don't think it's really going to be that interesting. But then as I started building it and trying to like... Prove that I could solve this problem, you know, prove that a torsion box is a better way to have a flat top.

Prove that these casters will let you move a 200 pound, 300 pound table easily and, you know, that type of stuff. It like started adding up, and then I stepped back and look at it, and I'm like, this thing's like, nice looking. Mm hmm. Kind of fancy, and so I ended up being really happy with how it came out. I don't know if anybody else will be interested because it's just a table, but...

Anyway, so that's what we did, and uh, that was done middle of last week, and I think, I think I might have finished it like after we recorded last week or something, but basically since then, I haven't done anything, like I haven't built anything, and it's been a little bit strange, I, I tried to take, I was just kind of tired last week and I just took a day and I'm like, I'm just gonna like clean up, clean the shop up and try to...

And then the next day I was like, you know, I should really spend some time thinking of new ideas and build out some stuff in the project list and had a really hard time trying to be creative on command. And then like yesterday, or I guess Monday, it was like, well, it's the beginning of the week. Maybe I should just catch up on email.

And then yesterday it was like, well, I should go, you know, it's been like one thing after another. I'm coming up with these excuses to relax or to take. You know, a day to catch up, which is not a bad thing, but looking back now, it's been a week and I haven't really done anything super productive in a week, so.

[00:21:06] Jimmy: That's what I, that's exactly why I started working on the guitar, because... I really couldn't get my mind around anything else. It's been a strange week for me as well. Not really getting started with YouTube stuff. I've been doing a lot of house, house stuff, and potentially have a YouTube video out of the porch.

But in general, I said, let me just start working on the sign, on the, let me start working on the guitar while I'm busy trying to think about what else I could do. So it's like, I almost set my physical body to a task while my brain is doing something else in this way. Get something done while I'm busy doing nothing.

Sounds bizarre, but... 

[00:21:42] Bob: No, I mean, that kind of makes sense. I probably need to figure out a way to do that too, because I don't occupy my hands in a way that frees my brain up. Yeah. Very often, and I 

[00:21:52] Jimmy: need to probably figure out a way to do that. You always say the work happens, the breakthroughs happen while you're working.

[00:21:57] Bob: Hmm. 

[00:21:58] Jimmy: Yeah. It's funny, there's been a road crew going up and down the five or seven miles in front of my house doing repaving and doing everyone's driveway ramp. Now that they did the main road, they're doing everyone's driveway ramp, and they're doing mine right now. I can hear it, of course. They've had ten days to do it, and they're doing mine, they're about a hundred feet away from me, doing my driveway ramp, so timing is everything.

Yeah. It's been prepared, like I have to drive through a ditch to get in and out of my driveway for like four days, they're doing it right now. Mmm. Fun 

[00:22:29] Bob: times. So stuff like that, like I, you know, over the last few days I've been walking around the house a whole lot looking at things like that, like, you know, we really need, I really need to replace this piece of trim on the garage door because it's, you know, it's old and rotten and it's a thing I just need to do.

I'm like, well, I can't make a video about that and I'm, I'm like constantly battling with, there's a bunch of stuff that's not very interesting that's just maintenance that I need to find time to do or make time to do, not find. Um, but then I'm always countering all of that stuff with like, well, it wouldn't be an interesting video.

So I should spend my time trying to think of an interesting video. And it's, it's a weird balance of, I need, I almost need to figure out a way to separate the, uh, the work and the home projects because they've always been so overlapped and so intertwined. It might be good for me to take a week and be like, this week is not about work.

It's about catching up on like. You know, fixing stuff around the house and that type of thing, because I, I let them bleed into each other too much probably, but anyway, um, we, you had a topic, Jimmy, you wanna? 

[00:23:40] Jimmy: Yeah, uh, I talked a little bit before we got started, but the other day I came up with this idea while I was driving, it was really more of an observation that needs, that some people need to hear, including myself.

And so that's why I posted that thing the other day, it seems a little preachy, I was a little embarrassed after I posted it about it. Goals. Everyone thought I was talking about giant power hammers, little power, little giant power hammers, which is a brand that looks like I wrote on my palm. I wrote goals and a lot of people thought I wrote goats.

They're like, I wrote goals, small, big and giant goals. And I find in my observation and in my own personal experience, I try to balance those three. I find a lot of people get stuck in one of those three lanes. If you're too big of a dreamer, I have several friends that are too big of a dreamer. They get nothing done.

I have a friend that literally lives in his car while he's trying to figure out, like, I don't want to say too much, but he's trying to figure out a dynamic traveling system similar to like something that like, that Tesla would do. But he doesn't have any other goals in between that. So that's why he literally finds bouts of living in his car.

He has huge ideas, but with nothing in between. So there's somebody that spends too much time thinking of these huge ideas, spends a lot of time trying to get funding, a lot of time trying to get prototypes made, huge, to the point where his whole entire well being is sacrificed for these huge ideas. And he's being a little bit of a martyr, he thinks he's going to be like an Einstein or you know, which could potentially be, but like a, like a, like a Tesla, for instance, I use the name for a different context, but Nikita Tesla, he had these huge goals and he came up with some great stuff.

But, you know, at the sacrifice of his well being versus somebody that just has tiny, tiny goals. They just make these little things over and over and over again. And they're like, why aren't I getting anywhere? Why aren't I getting anywhere? I just, I make, look, I made these things. Look what I'm making. I'm making these little things.

They're not setting up a website, which is kind of a larger goal. They're not setting up a potential retail thing, which is a larger goal. They're not trying to figure out how to market, which is a much larger goal. The smaller goals. Look what I made. Look what I made. Look what I made. Look what I made. So, I think there is a balance that needs to be made, and I find myself, like I just talked about, looking around the house.

Okay, the goal is to organize the lighting on the porch. Right now I have string lights which look tattered and worn, and they're weathered, so I want to get rid of them, but what's the next step? Alright, let me get these lights organized that I've been wanting to do for five years. Now that I can do them freely, let's do the lights.

Not worry about how the wire goes, where it goes, where the switch is, what the switch is going to look like. If it's a dimmer, let's just get them up and in. That goal is done. Now I can look back and say, okay, the house is starting to get clean. You know what, this looks good. You know what, now let's finally get rid of this television set that's been leaning on the wall.

I got this, you guys can't see it, but I have a 90 inch television set that cost 10, 000 that Patrick found in the garbage in the city. He found it, he brought it here, he's like, I don't know if it works, but it was sitting outside, and the guy said I could take it, the doorman said I could take it, and we had it hanging in the shop, and when the television show came, they said we don't want to use that TV show, they want to use a different TV, so we took it down, had nowhere to put a 90 inch TV, so I leaned it on the porch.

So for a year and a half, there's been a 90 inch TV leaning on my porch with a drape over it. So we finally got it, it's here in my room, it's really a monitor, it's not necessarily a smart TV, it's just a monitor, so I'm waiting for my little Google, my little Google thing so I could I could, uh, transmit telephone video to it.

Long story short, those little goals lead to bigger goals. And now I can start more clearly thinking about the giant goal of finishing the barn. The other day, the goal was me and my brother and Mike, let's clean up the barn. The barn's got a million pieces of scrap in it from the guys putting the roof on it.

That was the next big step. We cleaned out the barn. So now the barn is completely cleared out. It's just a frame with a beautiful new roof. Skylights. Now I'm like, okay, I can clearly see what, what money I need to do the second floor. Once we do the second floor, then we can start working on the walls, then I can start working on the windows.

I guess I'll figure out what the doors are. Those are all longer, giant goals. So the point I'm making is, it's a balance of all three of those. And I find some people struggling with just one of those, and they're like, I have really great goals, but. You live in a car, you don't have any money to pay your bills, you're not cleaning up your surroundings, your shop is a complete disaster.

You know, yeah, you're doing lots and lots of little things. Those little things don't add up to anything bigger because you're afraid to take that next step. You're afraid to set up a website because, I mean, what if I have too much work? Well, right now you're complaining about not having enough. Let's worry about the different problem that could potentially be a better problem.

So, it's these little goals and these huge goals that I find a lot of people get themselves stifled in. That's just my experience. 

[00:28:41] Bob: Yeah, I mean, I could definitely see that. I mean, I've said often times that, you know, in talks and stuff, that a big problem or a big goal, I guess you could say the same thing, is made up of, it's like a bag of small problems.

But I think one thing that's difficult for a lot of people, In breaking down a big problem into small problems to solve is just trying to define all of the small problems. Like when you look at, well, I mean, I can see it in myself. You know, I want to redo this car, so I'm going to take this car and I'm going to rip it apart.

That's an easy step because it's using a screwdriver and a pry bar to take things off. But then trying to organize all of the little goals that go into putting it back together, you have to specifically think about. This place on the car, the parts that are involved in this one little spot and you have to figure all of that out right there and then move on and do the next little spot and there's hundreds of those little spots, but if you don't take the time or you can't focus in enough to the micro detail or micro goal to solve the thing, then you'll never end up getting to the To the big thing, you know, it's like the whole, how do you eat an elephant?

One byte at a time, kind of thing. Um, and I think a lot of people that have the big grand ideas, they just have trouble breaking that down into small ideas that need to be accomplished. And I don't think that's a fault, necessarily, but, you know, we've all got a different perspective on, on, uh, On getting things done.

Some people feel really gratified in doing the small stuff and cleaning their desk and checking off a check box. Some people feel only gratification when they have saved the world, when they have changed a life or they, you know, and those things are all good. But finding how, how to get from one to the other, I think is important.

Yeah. 

[00:30:35] Jimmy: I was gonna say, you know, I see, it's not a bad thing if you have a lot of little goals and you're satisfied. It's not a bad thing. Or it's not, I, if you have a lot of little goals and life is okay, then that's fine. But it's when you have lots of tiny, tiny little goals, but you never challenge yourself to the bigger goal and you're frustrated.

That's where it's important to recognize. You know, uh, a friend of mine once said to me, he said, So many that's in a job, say for instance, like I could never be a fireman, but that's what my dad wanted for me. I could never do that. If I did that, and I decided that was going to be it for me, from, you know, with my current mind as a creative, it would have been a jail sentence for me.

If I would never took the opportunity or set the goal to get out of that. But if... I'm a fireman and that's what I really enjoy doing like my dad did and several of my friends. That's great. That's what you enjoy doing. That's fine. But it's, it's when you're frustrated and stuck in a pattern and you're never challenging yourself to get out of that pattern.

That's why I say, that's, that's kind of the category I say small goals. People are afraid to take a bigger goal. But if you're okay with that and it's not, and you're not feeling frustrated, then you're doing okay. Those goals are satisfying to you and those are fulfilling to you. It's just that frustration level that I see some people going.

I'm like, well, have you ever made the decision to go to the next step? Well, that's that's gonna be too scary. Well, that's what you're gonna need to do. You're gonna need to confront that scariness and what is that gonna mean to you? How are you gonna figure it out? 

[00:32:05] David: I will say I don't always have the huge big goal.

In mine, a lot of times there's little small goals and then medium goals and then those bigger ones come every couple years and I'm in them. I'm 

[00:32:20] Jimmy: not going to say anything but I think you're working on one now and I'm really, I was really, really excited to hear you say it. I think it's private at the moment but you're talking about something really big and I think it's amazing because it's great to see you step outside of 

[00:32:32] David: And I feel totally rejuvenated.

I am like, I can't wait to get started on 

[00:32:38] Jimmy: this one. It's great. It's really nice to see you so excited about something like this. You're very excited. Like when you dropped the news to us, you were like so giddy. You were like a little kid. 

[00:32:48] David: Seriously. Yeah, I mean, it's important. I think, um, I think this somewhat relates.

Uh, I have, uh, You know, I've, I've preached writing things down instead of digital, but over the last couple of years, everything has just gone into digital notebooks. Everything is in my phone, on my, on my notes app. And I watched an interview, an old interview with Eminem, the rapper. I'm not much of a fan, but I, I'm, I'm a fan of interviews with successful people.

Like, and so the interviewer was asking Eminem about. Writing down lyrics, because he, I guess he writes down lyrics All day, every day, like, that's just all he knows how to, that's just all he knows. And they asked him, do you, do you keep any notes on your phone or is everything in notebooks? And he's like, I do have some on my phone, but they get lost because I don't know where that note is.

But if you write something down in a notebook and he, and then when it comes time to like, Go back to something that he wrote down, he knows exactly what page, what part of the page it was on because there's this visual and I kind of had this aha moment like I really need to get back to writing down my goals in a physical format either in a notebook or on post it notes because when they go into a digital notebook, It's just somewhere in the hundreds of pages.

And I don't know where that is, but on a physical piece of paper, it might be a sketch in the corner. It might be something somewhere else. I 

[00:34:25] Jimmy: always do a little picture. 

[00:34:26] David: So I'm going to try to force myself to write physically down and 

[00:34:31] Bob: notebooks more. And I think there's a, there's a middle ground there that does both of those things that can probably be beneficial.

So, like, I'm, I'm historically bad at carrying a notebook. I've tried several times and I just, they get annoying or, like, they get all crunched up in my pocket or whatever. So, I end up using my phone a lot, but the failure in software is that you lose those things. But... If you can put in a discipline that's, you know, once a week or at the end of every day or whatever, you pull out your phone in that one app that you put all your thoughts, and then you read them, you rethink about those things, you put them back into your brain, and then you write them down in a physical notebook, not only are you getting them in the physical thing that you, you know, is going to be more beneficial for those reasons you just said, but you're also having to re address them.

And like, I know that if I go back to my notes ever, I have to like, oh, now what did I mean by that? Oh, yeah, okay, now I got it, and then when I re say it, I can say it more clearly for my future self. And so, you know, even doing it digitally and then coming back and reformatting for, you know, physically. I think could be good.

It could be a way to clarify for yourself, even what you meant in the moment, because you may have been hurried or whatever, and you've taken that note, so, yeah. But there's a discipline to that. Like, a lot of things, they're, if you don't enforce the discipline on yourself to, to set aside that time to do that transfer, it won't happen.

It'll get lost. And there's a lot of things that we talk about at the office about, you know, like our, our process for keeping track of things or whatever, where... Yeah, we can set up systems all day. We can make cool databases all day. We can make templates all day. But if nobody, if somebody doesn't have the discipline to follow through every single time and do the thing the way that we said it should be done, then it doesn't really matter.

And so, you know, best of tools, digital tools and logical tools and stuff still come down to discipline. 

[00:36:39] Jimmy: Discipline is a huge part of it and it's Partly what I was talking about, there's so many loose ends at the house because discipline was just kind of thrown to the wind. I'm going to start this project, I am going to get on it, and then it's not going to happen.

I'm going to start this project, I guarantee I'm going to do it, we're going to start an Instagram page on it, and then it doesn't happen. It got to the point where every project that got started was like... There's almost no point. Don't be so negative. There's no point. Don't start. There's no point. Don't be so negative.

I'm gonna start this. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna end now. I'm not gonna do anything. I just got to that point and this discipline is so key. It is so important to say Part of those small term goals is I'm going to get back to that project I started. I'm going to get back to that project I started. Day 3, I'm going to get back to that project I started.

Oh, something else got in the way. Day 5, I have to get back to that project I started. And that's discipline. 

[00:37:37] Bob: I sound frustrated because I am. Let's pivot a little bit on the discipline thing. Do you guys have... Uh, any tricks or tips or anything that you use on yourself to enforce the things that you want to do.

To stay on target. Yeah, deadlines. 

[00:37:55] Jimmy: Yeah, I, deadlines help and then, you know, I'm not, I'm not a, I'm not a huge fan of Jocko Wolnick, but Aaron was. And I never, Jocko Wolnick is this like Navy SEAL motivational speaker guy. And I started following him because Aaron did. And Aaron had like a couple of his quotes around the shop and Occasionally his phone would like, his ringtones had stuff to do with Jocko.

And that's why, how Aaron lost almost 95 pounds in the year before he passed, because he was inspired by Jocko Wilnick, I think I'm saying his name, right? Not Jocko, whatever, Jocko Wilnick. Cause he, every time he's like, Oh yeah, Jocko said this. I'm like, Jocko said that? That doesn't sound like Jocko. It doesn't sound like him.

Different guy. So he said recently, and it popped up again. Cause, and then this is 100 percent cause Aaron, I started following him. And he said, there's short term, there's short term thinking and long term thinking. He said, your goals in your, your, for instance, mostly fitness is what he talks about. Your fitness goals are long term, because if you want ice cream, that's short term.

If you don't want ice cream, you start thinking long term. So thinking long term, you could probably find this quote somewhere, it just recently popped up on Instagram. But the idea that most people just think short term gratification. Like, Oh, let me, let me do this because this is what I need. This little, uh, you know, this little adrenaline hit.

Let me do that. I need this adrenaline hit. Let me have the ice cream pop because I need the adrenaline hit because long term thinking is more dedication, is more discipline, is more, we just think in terms of, ah, let me just do this. Let me just do that. Let me just do this. Long term thinking comes secondarily.

But when you really start to develop discipline and really start to think all these long term I'm not saying it very eloquently the way he said it. He made it a little soundbite. I don't know if that makes sense. So that helps me and my discipline, if that was the original question. Hearing that quote about two months ago and in my current situation, I'm now basically re engineering my personal life.

It really helps me like that because now I'm going to have to get, for better or for worse, for mind and body, I have to start physically changing and I've been, I've been pretty disciplined about exercising every single day, every single night and eating right and, you know, making better decisions that are going to...

Help me in the long term goals. I have to. I can't just shrink up and say poor me and, you know, try and figure out where I went wrong and this, that, and the other thing, you know, it's, just got to move forward and just re engineer what, what's coming to me and, and help guide what's coming to me in a positive way.

I have a seminar that you could pay for 

[00:40:42] David: if you want. Here's my money. 

[00:40:48] Bob: David, what about you? Do you have any discipline mechanisms there? 

[00:40:53] David: I have to have a deadline. I've noticed about myself, if I only have two sponsored videos, I'm only I tend to only put out two videos that month. If I have four sponsored videos, I'm going to put out four videos that month.

The, I, I mean, I, I know, I know how everybody feels about sponsorships, but it forces me to be creative. It forces me to do the thing that I want to do. It puts me in a position where like, all right, I gotta, I gotta do this. Let's, let's do something good, because every Every time I put out a project or a video, I'm trying to do the, I'm trying to be better than I was the last video.

And so having deadlines really, really helps me with that. Um, doesn't necessarily have to be a sponsor. It could be like, Oh, we have a contractor coming in a couple of weeks. I got to get this vanity done. Or, you know, the, the, the wedding rings, like that, that's a date. So I can't, I'm not good at just making up something, making up a date and saying this, I want this done by this date.

I need. There needs to be a reason for that, but that's the, um, dates, uh, deadlines. That's, that's the biggest thing to help me be disciplined. Otherwise, uh, I tend to easily fall off. If I, I'm like, oh, I can slack a little bit this week. You know what I'm going to do with that time? I'm going to come up with more ideas.

Like you were talking about earlier and then when it comes time to come up with ideas you find something else to do You know what the shop really needs a cleanup So I'll come up with those ideas later because there's no there's no deadline. There's nothing pushing me

[00:42:30] Bob: Yeah I think I mean it should be pretty obvious from all of the things that I've ever talked about on here that scheduling for me Is a pretty big deal just but not necessarily the deadline but the dedicated Time for something I think you know like the pressure of having to get something done is more annoying to me than anything else I guess it helps, but but I think setting aside specific time for specific action is something that works Well for me, so like I've I've talked about this before I've been learning Italian for a few years now Just a little bit every day.

I try to play piano A little bit every day. Whereas for years, it was just like, well, you know, whenever I'm free and whenever I sit down, um, I've been going through trying to finally read the Bible front to back though, and the entire thing for the experience of having read it. And that is a little bit every day.

And those are all things that if I wake up in the morning and say, those things should happen at some point, and I'll wait till I have time, they absolutely will not happen. So the thing for me is, you know, I get up I have enough time to see my kids before they go to school, and when they walk out the door, that's my trigger for now I need to sit down and do two of these three things.

I have enough time in the morning to do two, and I can pick whatever two I want. I do those two, and then at night... When the kids go to bed, before I sit down on the couch with Jenny and before we hang out, I have one more thing to do. And these things take, you know, 5 10 minutes each. It's not like I'm dedicating hours of something.

But if, if I don't say that those two periods in my day are set aside for those things, they absolutely just will not take priority over anything else. It won't happen. And so just setting aside that little bit of time for those three things has made it so that I've kept up with them pretty much every day.

Uh, for a very long time now, and now it's become a part of my, like, if I don't do my Italian in the night, you know, the kids are like, have you done your Italian yet? Because they hear the little Duolingo, like, ba bing, ba bing, thing, um, and so, you know, it's become a part of, of just how my day works now, and it's taken a really long time for all three of those things to be, uh, A staple, you know, in how my day works, but if I wake up, like this morning, I actually didn't do any of the things before, um, we recorded.

Because I had to run some stuff to my daughter at school and whatever and it just threw off my morning a little bit so my time that I usually dedicate to that was gone. And luckily on Wednesdays I have time to make it up somewhere else. But it was weird being at this, or it is weird, being at 10 o'clock in the morning and not having done two of those three things that I usually do every day.

So, all that to say, dedicating time for me is, on a regular basis, on a daily basis or weekly or whatever, is more beneficial for discipline than a deadline, specifically. 

[00:45:35] David: One of the things that bothers me about my discipline is when I was younger I just used to be able to write and finish songs for no reason.

There's no deadline, there's no reason, just wrote and finished a song. I can't seem to do that now. Maybe it's just because I have too much going on. I will start something and I'll think that's a good idea. I'll finish that later. And I'll use these little bits that I come up with in my videos all the time.

I do most of my own background music and I've been saying for a long time, like, I want to do an official release. Uh, people ask, like, hey, where can I hear this song? I'm like, well, it's only got two parts. It would only be a 60 second song. Like, I need to finish this. I need, I need, I need a reason to finish these songs.

And so maybe, maybe that reason is a collab in the future. Uh, I definitely want to do a song for the guitar video that's going to come out. Next month. So that's probably going to force me to do, to finish a song. Um, I have all this, I still love making music and I still love fiddling, but I never finish anything and I'm okay with that most of the time because there's no reason.

Maybe, uh, maybe I just need a collab. Maybe I need a reason. I need, maybe I need to come up with a release date and I'll, it'll force me to do something. 

[00:46:56] Bob: That's true. So there was a friend of mine when we live in Savannah. Um, this guy is an incredibly talented musician. And he and I talked about doing music together on and off, you know, it never got real serious or anything.

But then as we were moving away, he sent me, we didn't see each other very often, but he, he sent me this album and this was 2017, I think. And he was like, I've been finishing up this album and it's like 10 songs or something. He wrote the entire thing. He played everything of all of it. And it was. Awesome.

So good. And he was like, I'm not done mastering it yet, so I'm not going to release it yet. And, you know, I'll put out one song next month, and then I'll kind of like leak it out and everything. I've heard, I listened to that initial playthrough that he sent me of unfinished whatever, and then I heard two finished songs, and that's it.

And it's always bothered me. That I, that he didn't, not that I didn't get the album, boohoo me as a consumer, but like, he obviously put in 99 percent of the work to get that thing completely done, and it would, it's great music. And it just like never made it out. That's always bothered me for him. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yep.

And we're like Jimmy's trumpet career, like he's so good at the trumpet and just won't pursue it. 

[00:48:24] Jimmy: Right, Jimmy. That's exactly right. I don't even know where my trumpet is, unfortunately. 

[00:48:30] Bob: It's been a long time since you've played trumpet on the podcast. 

[00:48:33] Jimmy: I think I'm gonna, well, you know what, next week I'll grab it, I'll find it.

I think I know where it is, it's in the machine shop. We're 

[00:48:38] David: right where it should be. 

[00:48:42] Bob: I saw a video, totally unrelated, let's just take a left turn. I saw a video the other day, somebody took a trombone, and they hooked up a gas motor to the mouthpiece of the trombone, and so he has a trigger where he can trigger how much, you know, air is going through it, and then he was sliding the trombone, and that was the video.

It was just... 

[00:49:00] Jimmy: Have you seen, this is another TikTok that's been going around. A guy whose mother apparently is disabled, she's kind of in a wheelchair, she might be a little person, I'm not sure, but that's not the interesting part about it. She's just an average disabled person doing her thing, but her son has a trombone and just stands off to the side and plays the trombone music to everything she does.

So she's like rearranging the keys. She's like, like getting into her wheelchair and he's like making all the sounds and coordination with her. And it's just like, it looks like it makes everything look like a cartoon. And sometimes he does it when she like, doesn't expect it. He sets the camera up and she'll kind of like come into a room and he'll like do the music of her entering.

It's very, very funny. And it's very loving because she like, she 

[00:49:46] Bob: likes to say, what does she 

[00:49:46] Jimmy: think about that? She seems annoyed a lot of it, but she laughs at it a lot. And like I said, the fact that she's disabled, it's just, there's nothing to do with it. It's just the, the cartoony music that he does at the trombone is, just makes it so fun.

I saw a bunch of them one day when I did a dive, but I never followed them or saved them. 

[00:50:04] Bob: Hmm. Well, uh, any other thoughts on like goals and discipline and any other things to share? Well, 

[00:50:13] Jimmy: I mean, you reminded me of something, David, and I'm not picking on you, but, uh, cause it's not really the type of thing that you're not, it's not a bad discipline thing, but you said you don't finish music stuff.

But in general, I think, It's really important if you set goals to finish them and like I said, I kind of experienced the not finishing projects just for a little bit too long in my life now, not by me, but the idea of not finishing projects is just It just affects your productivity, it affects your future goals, it affects your mental state of being.

If you just finish stuff, even if it's not what you want, even if you realize, okay, this isn't what I want to do, it just helps you, it helps you make better decisions going forward. You're not going to start 700 projects that you're not going to finish and go, Oh, that's 700 things I just decided I didn't like.

If you do five or six things and finish them all, you'll Better know I love that or I definitely don't want to do that. So it'll help you pick better Projects and better goals that you will most 

[00:51:14] David: likely get done. Here's here's my problem when it comes to woodworking stuff I'm pretty confident on what I can do so I can 

[00:51:21] Jimmy: finish I'm not picking on you about the music at all.

The 

[00:51:24] David: music stuff. I'm not as confident. So if I finish these All these songs that I've started, what if they're not as good as I want them to be? What if I put them out and people don't like them? Like, I'm not, I don't, I don't have the confidence in music like I do in woodworking. I think there's a fear.

And 

[00:51:40] Jimmy: that is a hundred percent the point that, like I said, the experience, my personal experience I've had with somebody not finishing stuff, when I look at it from a thousand miles away, it's like, oh, they're afraid. of being judged at the final outcome. And it's so clear to me, not clear to them, not at all, never, probably ever will be, but if you could take stock in yourself after hearing this and thinking to yourself, like you admitted it and I admit it too, there are projects I don't do it.

And it's like, why don't I do this? Because I'm not good at seeing and seeing a metal machinery, or I'm not good at electronics, so that's the main component, if I do it, I'm going to fail, I think we all do it, but it's, It's you really have to stick stock and look and say like, okay, what is the one thing that is keeping me from finishing this project?

Fear of failure, fear of judgment, fear of picking the wrong color. I never do anything when it comes to color because I am horrible when it comes to choosing color. If it's not metal colored, wood colored, stone colored, I don't know what to do. 

[00:52:47] David: But why is that fear here now, but wasn't there when I was younger?

Like I just, I didn't care how bad the stuff I was making when I was younger. It just. Did it, and it was, I moved on, and now I have the, why did I develop this spirit? 

[00:53:00] Bob: Well, I, I mean, I don't think this is the only thing, but I do think that when you were younger, the potential audience for anything that you created was fairly limited.

That's true. Based on who you were around 

[00:53:13] Jimmy: Now you have too many more, you have millions of 

[00:53:15] Bob: eyeballs. Yeah. And that goes for everybody, not just because, like, you're on YouTube, but I think everybody has the potential to be seen by a lot more people, and that's scary. Especially if you're not. 100 percent confident about 

[00:53:27] Jimmy: everything.

It kind of reminds me, like this is a stupid example, but I just started following a juggling page. And I remember as a kid, there was a couple of friends around me that could juggle. And they were the only one of the ten people we knew that could juggle. And you're like, oh, that's cool. But now when you see like a guy on a juggling page who's like juggling ten things, like now my friend doesn't know how to juggle, that guy knows how to juggle.

You understand the difference? Like you said, the audience is much bigger.

[00:53:57] Bob: I also think that, um, I was looking through my notes, I was actually trying to find something else, and I just came across something about how easy it is to, this is funny because I'm looking back through my digital notes, and I came across something that I wrote in 2017. Um, about how we have to keep the perspective about how much outside influence has on Your life and the value that you place on things as somebody, and this goes for anybody, I think, but as somebody who is connected to other people through social media at large, it can be super easy to just.

Take all of that outside influence and treat it as if it's more important than it actually is and let it affect what we do for ourselves and not for ourselves. Whether that's creative things like music or just where we put our time. Even what I was saying earlier about like, you know, making the time to fix trim on my house versus doing something that's gonna go out as a piece of content.

Like, I'm letting that outside influence have a little bit too much play in how I decide to use those free moments of my time. That's kind of messed up, but I mean, that's the world that we live in, but I think if we can be more aware of that. Then maybe we can prioritize some of the stuff like music or some of the stuff that we might otherwise be scared to share or Scared to invest ourselves into we can let those things become important again You know or at least be goals the thing I was looking for and I can't find it I wasn't gonna read it to you anyway, but I wanted to read it for myself is a couple of years ago I started a list of like life goals Like, not a bucket list, but like a, you know, I wrote down a few things that I've always kind of thought in the back of my head, that would be awesome to do.

Like I would love, I would love to, uh, you know, to do that one thing. It's not very realistic, but man, that'd be cool. Skydive. And, no, no. So I finally just sat down one day, I don't remember, I was like in the woods or something and I sat down and I'm like, I'm going to think of all the cool stuff that I'll never probably do, but it'd be cool to have on a list.

And so I just started writing down all this, like, crazy stuff. And then after I looked at it, I'm like, well, some of this stuff's not that crazy. Like, there's no reason I couldn't do that thing. There's no reason I couldn't do that thing. They may not be content. They're not going to be work. They're not going to be something that's going to make me money.

But that doesn't mean I can't do them, you know. And so every once in a while, when I'm going through these notes on my phone, I'll come across that list and go, oh, yeah. Like, I cared about this thing at one point. Do I still care about that? And if so, like, I should make some plans, you know? So, I think it's kind of a good thing to do.

Anyway, you guys got anything else on 

[00:56:53] David: this? I'm also, uh, afraid to write things down in the physical world in case somebody else sees them. Because I have terrible spelling skills and terrible handwriting. So that's another one of my fears. Is somebody seeing my notes? 

[00:57:08] Bob: Get a notebook with a lock on it.

Have Jimmy make you one. He'll turn it into a project. Well, uh, I'm going to thank our Patreon supporters because they are awesome. Big thanks to them. Said it last week, but legitimately mean it. This show happens because of the support that we get through Patreon and we are very grateful for it. So, big thanks to everybody over there.

Especially our top supporters, Cory Ward, Albers Woodworks, Works by Solo, Chad from ManCrafting, YouCanMakeThisToo, Funkiss, Artistic Creations, Rich at Low End Designs, Odin Leather Goods, Full Steam Designs, Scott Oram, Warren Works, Michael Menejin, and Gretchen Hofer. But also people like Stu. There's no last name on here, Stu.

You know who you are. Big thanks for all the support. Uh, and everybody over there at every level gets the after show, which is, uh, additional podcasting. Another 15 20 minutes, sometimes more, sometimes less, secret stuff, whatever. But it happens after this show, which is why we call it the after show. So as soon as we finish here, we're going to go record that and you can listen to it.

If you go to patreon. com slash making it and help us out. You guys got anything to recommend this 

[00:58:21] Jimmy: week? Oh, you know what, um, you guys know Gareth Braunwyn, right? Gareth? From, uh, he writes for Adafruit and Gareth does a series Tips and Tricks and he does, so it's almost like a weekly wrap up like Davey used to do.

He'll go through YouTube videos and, you know, cover it in the past. Put together a series of tips, so I don't know exactly where he sees it because I get it in a Twitter feed. So if you could figure out where to find Gareth's weekly tips and tricks, shop tips and tricks, I'll find a link and post that.

But check out, I usually retweet them, so they're on my Twitter. Like I said, I get a direct email feed. But uh, Gareth did a little nice ride. He's always been so supportive of everybody. He did a little nice ride up. This week I posted the casket build that I built for a friend over the summer. And, uh, it was very nice.

And he and I've been going back and forth trading personal stories about our experiences with loved ones passing and, uh, some pretty touching, incredible stories, you know, that with literally with like personal interactions. And, um, so check out Gareth. He's always been so supportive and also check out Wesley Treat.

Wesley's Instagram feed will show more of the sign he just built here at the shop. It is an insane, beautiful sign that looks like it was made in the forties. But it was made in the last month and it's here and we're going to keep it inside for the winter, but come the spring we're going to figure out how to hang it on the building.

And we might do like a ribbon cutting type of thingy dingy, you guys might come, you guys don't know this yet but you guys are coming, and uh, might do like, I'm thinking about trying to craft a weekend event, in 2017 we did the teepee build, might want to do something similar to that, I'm kind of, I'm, I'm thinking.

Now, I say things out loud that I don't always follow through with, but I'm thinking of maybe a treehouse build, like a group treehouse build, somewhere on the property, maybe. Group treehouse build. Just feeling it out. Me and Wesley kind of kicked that idea around, but that same weekend we would hang out.

He'll still be living there at that time? He's still, yeah, he's got, yeah, he's got his own room now. No, I just, actually I did, I did his, I just made his room over this morning. He left Sunday.

Cool. Check out Gareth, and da da da da da, and ya da ya ya. 

[01:00:36] David: So my pick is somebody I've picked before, uh, for his Instagram and his Twitter feed is he's a product designer. His name is Michael DiTullio and he recently put out a YouTube video and it's unlike what he's, uh, what he's posted before. Usually he's just posting sketches or him drawing the sketches, but he took one of the sketches of like this futuristic chair and did a whole Fusion 360 build on it.

So it's like an hour long. And I think the great thing about this particular fusion 360 video of him drawing this is he's not, he's telling you how he's doing the design and the curves, but he's also telling you why he's like, I'm going to put a curve here on this chair, so the light hits it in this way.

And so it's, it's, you're getting. A perspective of a real product designer on how they're using Fusion 360. So, Michael DiTullio, and he's doing this sketch of this futuristic, cool looking chair. 

[01:01:42] Bob: Cool. Yeah, you have to send me that, because I don't know how to spell his name. Um, excuse me. Um, so, mine is a documentary show on Hulu, that's where I'm watching it.

Welcome to Wrexham. And it is, uh, we're like maybe five or six episodes in and it's about Ryan Reynolds and Rob McElhenney, who's like a, an actor guy that I'm, I wasn't familiar with, but, um, the two of them buy a, so this is documentary and it happened a couple of years ago. I guess it's still happening, but, um, before COVID they bought a a soccer team, football team, in Wales, uh, in a town called Wrexham, and it's like the oldest, uh, they have like the oldest international stadium in the world or something like that.

So they bought this team and they didn't really know much about soccer apparently, and they bought it as an investment. It's in the lowest league of, of soccer, and so they were, their goal is to help it move up. And I, Didn't watch this for a long time because, to be honest, Ryan Reynolds is kind of irritating to me, 

[01:02:54] David: and, uh, 

[01:02:57] Bob: I know, he's super popular and everything, but he's just kind of obnoxious in my mind.

But, uh, I also don't know him, so I could be obnoxious in his mind as well. My 

[01:03:07] Jimmy: brother did a scene with him in a small indie movie before he was famous. That's funny. Oh 

[01:03:11] Bob: yeah? Anyway, so I didn't watch this thing for a while. We finally started it because my family is now just like, you know, neck deep in soccer.

Um, it's actually really cool. It's, it's mostly the, the documentary is mostly about this town and about how much they love their local team and what the team means to the people and how hard the people of this town have had it both From an industrial, you know, like life perspective and from the team.

But so, so far the show is really about them coming in as an investment opportunity and then realizing that they have an opportunity to make this town better through making the team better. And so it's become pretty heartwarming to see and, and like hard to watch because like the team doesn't always do as well and whatever.

I'm enjoying it quite a bit. So, uh, whether you're into soccer or not, I think it's an interesting... It's an interesting approach to, like, an outsider comes into a really tight community and tries to help that community get better without really knowing anything about the community. So there's a lot of learning on both sides of that equation and it's a lot of fun.

Go check that out. Or don't. It's up to you. I don't care. Uh, you guys got anything else?

[01:04:35] Jimmy: I had 

[01:04:36] Bob: something but I forgot. You can say it in the after show. Alright, cool. Well, uh, thanks for listening everybody. Thank you. We'll see you 

[01:04:45] Jimmy: next time. I'm sorry, I'm yawning. Love you.

